# Go API client for sqlrules

A set of services to evaluate the coverage of SQL database queries. Coverage criteria are implemented in a set of rules, that when evaluated with respect to a given database determine the coverage of the database with respect to the query.
Two kind of coverage rules are generated, Full Predicate Coverage rules for SQL (SQLFpc) and Mutants for SQL (SQLMutation)

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 3.3.19
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```shell
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```golang
import sqlrules "github.com/a-r-g-v/sqlrules-go-client"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```golang
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `sw.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sqlrules.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `sw.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sqlrules.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identified by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `sw.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `sw.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sqlrules.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), sqlrules.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://in2test.lsi.uniovi.es/sqlrules/api/v3*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*SqlrulesApi* | [**MutantsPost**](docs/SqlrulesApi.md#mutantspost) | **Post** /mutants | Gets the set of mutants for a given sql (SQLMutation). Each rule is a mutant of the original SQL query. The mutant is dead (i.e. the rule is covered) if the execution against the database returns the same rows than the original query.
*SqlrulesApi* | [**RulesPost**](docs/SqlrulesApi.md#rulespost) | **Post** /rules | Gets the SQLFpc coverage rules for a given sql. Based on Modified Condition Decision Coverage (MCDC) for SQL. Each rule is an SQL statement that is covered if the execution against the database returns at least one row.
*SqlrulesApi* | [**SqlParametersPost**](docs/SqlrulesApi.md#sqlparameterspost) | **Post** /sql/parameters | Transforms a non parametrized query into a parametrized one by converting each literal into a parameter and returns the mapping parameter-values
*SqlrulesApi* | [**SqlTablesPost**](docs/SqlrulesApi.md#sqltablespost) | **Post** /sql/tables | Gets the set of tables referenced in a sql query
*SqlrulesApi* | [**TablesPost**](docs/SqlrulesApi.md#tablespost) | **Post** /tables | DEPRECATED - Gets the set of tables referenced in a sql query


## Documentation For Models

 - [DbCheck](docs/DbCheck.md)
 - [DbColumn](docs/DbColumn.md)
 - [DbSchema](docs/DbSchema.md)
 - [DbTable](docs/DbTable.md)
 - [Ddl](docs/Ddl.md)
 - [SqlParam](docs/SqlParam.md)
 - [SqlParametersBody](docs/SqlParametersBody.md)
 - [SqlRule](docs/SqlRule.md)
 - [SqlRules](docs/SqlRules.md)
 - [SqlRulesBody](docs/SqlRulesBody.md)
 - [SqlTableListBody](docs/SqlTableListBody.md)


## Documentation For Authorization

 Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author



