# DbColumn

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Name** | Pointer to **string** | The name of this column | [optional] 
**Datatype** | Pointer to **string** | The datatype of this column. NOTE, the size of the type (scale), if defined, is stored in the &#x60;size&#x60; field, eg. given a &#x60;VARCHAR(10)&#x60;, this field stores &#x60;VARCHAR&#x60; and the &#x60;size&#x60; field stores &#x60;10&#x60; | [optional] 
**Compositetype** | Pointer to **string** | If the datatype is not primitive this attibute holds &#x60;array&#x60; or &#x60;type&#x60;, NOTE, If this field is &#x60;array&#x60; then the &#x60;datatype&#x60; holds the type of each array item, If this field is &#x60;type&#x60; refers the UDT that must be defined in another table | [optional] 
**Subtype** | Pointer to **string** | A modifier of the datatype, eg. given a &#x60;DATETIME WITH TIMEZONE&#x60;, this field stores &#x60;WITH TIMEZONE&#x60; and the datatype field stores &#x60;DATETIME&#x60; | [optional] 
**Size** | Pointer to **string** | The size of the datatype of this column. If the size is composed by precision and scale, both values must be separated by a comma, eg. given a &#x60;DECIMAL(10,2)&#x60;, this fiel stores the value &#x60;10,2&#x60; | [optional] 
**Key** | Pointer to **string** | if this value is &#x60;true&#x60;, the column is part of the primary key | [optional] 
**Autoincrement** | Pointer to **string** | if this value is &#x60;true&#x60;, the value of the column is autogenerated when a new instance is created | [optional] 
**Notnull** | Pointer to **string** | if this value is &#x60;true&#x60;, the column is not nullable (declared with NOT NULL) | [optional] 
**Fk** | Pointer to **string** | If this value is non empty, represents the referenced column in a foreign key constraint. This value must be in the form &#x60;&lt;table-name&gt;.&lt;column-name&gt;&#x60; | [optional] 
**Fkname** | Pointer to **string** | The foreign constrain name as determined by jdbc | [optional] 
**Checkin** | Pointer to **string** | If the check constraint applicable to this column specifies a list of allowed literals, this field may indicate the set of comma separated allowed values, eg. &#x60;&#39;Y&#39;,&#39;N&#39;&#x60; represents a fied that can have only these two values | [optional] 
**Defaultvalue** | Pointer to **string** | The default value applicable to this column | [optional] 
**Extended** | Pointer to **map[string]string** | A map of additional column properties to store information required by other applications | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewDbColumn

`func NewDbColumn() *DbColumn`

NewDbColumn instantiates a new DbColumn object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewDbColumnWithDefaults

`func NewDbColumnWithDefaults() *DbColumn`

NewDbColumnWithDefaults instantiates a new DbColumn object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetName

`func (o *DbColumn) GetName() string`

GetName returns the Name field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNameOk

`func (o *DbColumn) GetNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNameOk returns a tuple with the Name field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetName

`func (o *DbColumn) SetName(v string)`

SetName sets Name field to given value.

### HasName

`func (o *DbColumn) HasName() bool`

HasName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDatatype

`func (o *DbColumn) GetDatatype() string`

GetDatatype returns the Datatype field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDatatypeOk

`func (o *DbColumn) GetDatatypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDatatypeOk returns a tuple with the Datatype field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDatatype

`func (o *DbColumn) SetDatatype(v string)`

SetDatatype sets Datatype field to given value.

### HasDatatype

`func (o *DbColumn) HasDatatype() bool`

HasDatatype returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCompositetype

`func (o *DbColumn) GetCompositetype() string`

GetCompositetype returns the Compositetype field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCompositetypeOk

`func (o *DbColumn) GetCompositetypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCompositetypeOk returns a tuple with the Compositetype field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCompositetype

`func (o *DbColumn) SetCompositetype(v string)`

SetCompositetype sets Compositetype field to given value.

### HasCompositetype

`func (o *DbColumn) HasCompositetype() bool`

HasCompositetype returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSubtype

`func (o *DbColumn) GetSubtype() string`

GetSubtype returns the Subtype field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSubtypeOk

`func (o *DbColumn) GetSubtypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSubtypeOk returns a tuple with the Subtype field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSubtype

`func (o *DbColumn) SetSubtype(v string)`

SetSubtype sets Subtype field to given value.

### HasSubtype

`func (o *DbColumn) HasSubtype() bool`

HasSubtype returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSize

`func (o *DbColumn) GetSize() string`

GetSize returns the Size field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSizeOk

`func (o *DbColumn) GetSizeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSizeOk returns a tuple with the Size field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSize

`func (o *DbColumn) SetSize(v string)`

SetSize sets Size field to given value.

### HasSize

`func (o *DbColumn) HasSize() bool`

HasSize returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetKey

`func (o *DbColumn) GetKey() string`

GetKey returns the Key field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetKeyOk

`func (o *DbColumn) GetKeyOk() (*string, bool)`

GetKeyOk returns a tuple with the Key field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetKey

`func (o *DbColumn) SetKey(v string)`

SetKey sets Key field to given value.

### HasKey

`func (o *DbColumn) HasKey() bool`

HasKey returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAutoincrement

`func (o *DbColumn) GetAutoincrement() string`

GetAutoincrement returns the Autoincrement field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAutoincrementOk

`func (o *DbColumn) GetAutoincrementOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAutoincrementOk returns a tuple with the Autoincrement field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAutoincrement

`func (o *DbColumn) SetAutoincrement(v string)`

SetAutoincrement sets Autoincrement field to given value.

### HasAutoincrement

`func (o *DbColumn) HasAutoincrement() bool`

HasAutoincrement returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetNotnull

`func (o *DbColumn) GetNotnull() string`

GetNotnull returns the Notnull field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNotnullOk

`func (o *DbColumn) GetNotnullOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNotnullOk returns a tuple with the Notnull field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetNotnull

`func (o *DbColumn) SetNotnull(v string)`

SetNotnull sets Notnull field to given value.

### HasNotnull

`func (o *DbColumn) HasNotnull() bool`

HasNotnull returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetFk

`func (o *DbColumn) GetFk() string`

GetFk returns the Fk field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFkOk

`func (o *DbColumn) GetFkOk() (*string, bool)`

GetFkOk returns a tuple with the Fk field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFk

`func (o *DbColumn) SetFk(v string)`

SetFk sets Fk field to given value.

### HasFk

`func (o *DbColumn) HasFk() bool`

HasFk returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetFkname

`func (o *DbColumn) GetFkname() string`

GetFkname returns the Fkname field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFknameOk

`func (o *DbColumn) GetFknameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetFknameOk returns a tuple with the Fkname field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFkname

`func (o *DbColumn) SetFkname(v string)`

SetFkname sets Fkname field to given value.

### HasFkname

`func (o *DbColumn) HasFkname() bool`

HasFkname returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCheckin

`func (o *DbColumn) GetCheckin() string`

GetCheckin returns the Checkin field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCheckinOk

`func (o *DbColumn) GetCheckinOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCheckinOk returns a tuple with the Checkin field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCheckin

`func (o *DbColumn) SetCheckin(v string)`

SetCheckin sets Checkin field to given value.

### HasCheckin

`func (o *DbColumn) HasCheckin() bool`

HasCheckin returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDefaultvalue

`func (o *DbColumn) GetDefaultvalue() string`

GetDefaultvalue returns the Defaultvalue field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDefaultvalueOk

`func (o *DbColumn) GetDefaultvalueOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDefaultvalueOk returns a tuple with the Defaultvalue field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDefaultvalue

`func (o *DbColumn) SetDefaultvalue(v string)`

SetDefaultvalue sets Defaultvalue field to given value.

### HasDefaultvalue

`func (o *DbColumn) HasDefaultvalue() bool`

HasDefaultvalue returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetExtended

`func (o *DbColumn) GetExtended() map[string]string`

GetExtended returns the Extended field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetExtendedOk

`func (o *DbColumn) GetExtendedOk() (*map[string]string, bool)`

GetExtendedOk returns a tuple with the Extended field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetExtended

`func (o *DbColumn) SetExtended(v map[string]string)`

SetExtended sets Extended field to given value.

### HasExtended

`func (o *DbColumn) HasExtended() bool`

HasExtended returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


